The outcome was inconclusive. 
Our objective is rather modest given our capacity.
Pay a large yearly tribute or suffer devastating repressive raids.
Well, a tough stand on China is popular.
Chinese don't like surprises.
China, too, covets stability.
Has been dealt a mortal blow.
A pre-emptive strike, a legitimate act of self-defense.
When destruction rain from the sky.
Have to defeat them each in turn.
My solution is your dissolution.
Natural endowment.
We reserve the right to never be offended.
Well I have to say that was an eloquent explanation for you being inarticulate. 你对你的含糊不清进行了精彩的辩护。
Competence is such a rare bird in the woods. 能力出色的人到哪里都是凤毛麟角。
When the going gets tough, the tough get going. 
May I echo his remark on the issue being raised….
May I associate myself with his remark….
I'm choosing the least awful between 2 evils. 两害相权取其轻
Ceaseless quest for excellence. 精益求精
I don't ever recall hearing a louder, more thunderous or more sustained applause than I did then.
His ambition is as boundless as his self-confidence. 自命不凡，目中无人。
His table manner is unbelievable. 吃相/餐桌举止令人作呕。

I'm really sorry if I seemed misleading at first, I didn't mean that.
You are vacuous and delusional. 
... Russia is in danger in becoming a laughing stock in European politics. Our humiliating loss to Japan in the Russo-Japanese war was followed by our inability to stop Austria from annexing Bosnia from the Ottomans. Due to our history of prior weakness, our foreign policy makers fear that without some decisive actions, Russia would not be taken seriously anymore... 
Russia could not remain a passive spectator whilst a Slavonic people was being trampled down... If Russia failed to fulfill her historic mission, she would be considered a decadent state and would henceforth have to take second place amongst the powers... If, at this critical juncture, the Serbs were abandoned to their fate, Russian prestige in the Balkans will collapse utterly!
What is your analogy extending to that case going to be?
We've taken a high water mark for that.

Calling someone racist does make you less racist.
I stand corrected/I admit I was wrong.

Better safe then sorry.
The war to end all wars. The plunder to end all plunder.,
It is exactly that sort of arrogance.
That's tough to take.
War of attrition.
It's worsening even as we speak.
In dire need of reform.
We caught them by surprise, we have the jump on them.
Rendered useless.

On self-imposed exile.
Self-strengthening is the unyielding principle.
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
Keeping me safe from myself.
Window of opportunity.
Set the cat amongst pigeons.
Defies believe.
Need glasses.

Look at the grimace on his face as he grinds through those 4 turns.
Beyond comprehension.
Defending the indefensible, excusing the inexcusable.

Learned helplessness.

Going to serve you a dose of your own medicine.
Taste of their own medicine.
A small ground force full of veterans and elites is preferred over a large standing army of green conscripts.
How treacherous! They should burn in hell!
Secessionist-minded minorities are a menace to the peaceful majority.

You are the wind beneath my wings.
Missionary zeal.

Untold millions will suffer for your plan to work.
We have the blind leading the blind.

You all laughed at me, well I have to say, you are not laughing now, are you?
Join the fray.

Neither side won at Verdun. It was the indecisive battle in the indecisive war; the unnecessary battle in an unnecessary war; the battle that had no victors in a war that had no victors.

Nooo! That's not a careless blunder, that's a willful misconduct!

We can bend the rules or work around them.

Your accusation is absolutely groundless.

He's highly determined and extremely effective in achieving his goals.

Mind-boggling.

Political, Independent and Armed Neutrality.
Might is right.
We do not bowl to extortion.
It would require an amphibious landing of unprecedented scale, against an enemy that dwarfs the landing force.
From zero to hero.

Please like and subscribe or I eat your food.

You took on a role you didn't ask for, and you made it your own with grace, and with grit and witg style and good humor.
We are so touched by al the well wishes that we've received over.th past few weeks, but tonight it's my turn to say thanks. Whether we have seen eye to eye

Defend me to no length.

Act in the behest of you.

To gain the upper hand from a stalemate, a feint is needed to draw diversion from where the main blow will fall.
Strikes should not be in cascading style — they should all be delivered at once to inflict the greatest strain possible.
Don't risk your reserves so far from home.
 
Became a chesspiece.

I'm worried for their longevity.
Those are just cannon fodders.

Because we've just suffered so crushing a lost.
The worst kind of officer — stupid and intensely energetic.
It's a meat grinder.
We do not bowl to extortion.
No, in all seriousness, I can handle even more if they are coming in cascading style.
I'll give them my broad side. In that way I'll have more radar channels and fire options available.

Expect the unthinkable, prepare for the worst.
 
Stability and Growth.
Order and Discipline.
Flexibility and Creativity.
Tolerance and Harmony.
Strength in unity.

Standby the triarii.
Turning crisis into opportunity.
 
Pragmatism and Opportunism.
 
No honour in defeat.
No one will remember the best performing loser.

Cometh the moment, cometh the men.
Spare no effort, shun no labour!
 
That's going to wreck havoc in their ranks.

Thwart their offensive and rout the enemy.
Could not stand incompetence.
Equipment; Morale; Tactic; Training; Discipline;

Hideous odor.
We'll negotiate a separate peace with them.
I need him to broker the deal.

Deathbed of Empires
We want fair trade rather than free trade.

You must be a nobody to become somebody.想要获得一切，必须一无所有

His my mortal enemy.
 
My nature is not in that direction.

That's not a bargain chip!
He's peerless.
 
He's descending into a very dangerous slope.
Unharmed/Unscathed
Possessiveness
 
Looking breathtaking.
 
No guts, no glory.
 
Scoundrel
 
That's sleazy.

A general of my caliber.

Extends a sincere apology.
 
Not inquisitive.
 
No. Those are just token victories in a disastrous day.
A thin line separates genius and madness.
 
The one who dares wins.

New circumstances demand new measures.

Bolt from the blue.
 
Indecision, Division, Infighting and Confusion

Strike far, strike sure. 溃敌于千里。
Winning is not everything, is the only thing.

So many died for less.
Achieve more with less.

Fire burns brighter in darkness.

Attended by thousands from near and far.

I respectfully disagree.

The surprise was total; the rout was complete.


In a manner wholely unlike his careful arrangements. Baldwin the 4th, who had ruled so wisely, deserves her respect and obedience, yet she defied his dying command. 
Not kingly material.
